# Analysis of Coupon Data

## Bar data
In my analysis of the bar data, I looked at the acceptance rate for bar coupons based on several factors including how often they went to bars, their age, the passenger they had with them, their income, and several other factors.
I found that the highest acceptance rates were for people who went to bars more often (if they went over 3 times/month, they had a 76.88% acceptance rate vs 37.06% if they went 3 or fewer times). For people who went to a bar at least once a month, they still had a high likelhood of accepting the coupon especially when other factors were also true - such as they had a passenger in the car who was not a kid or they were under 30. Using visualizations, I found that people also had a higher acceptance rate if they were single. If people were headed to work, they were less likely to accept than if they were heading home, and if they were heading home they were more likely to accept if the bar was in the same direction they were headed. They were also less likely to accept if they are unemployed or retired than if they are employed (30% for unemployed, 24% for retired, and 43% for employed or student). Income did not seem to significantly impact their acceptance rate.

Based on this data, my recommendation would be to target bar coupons at people who go to bars at least once a month, are under the age of 30, and are single. Additionally, people are more likely to accept if they have a friend in the car with them, and they are headed home. 

## Coffee house data
Additionally, I analyzed the acceptance rate for coffee house coupons. Overall, almost 50% of people who got a coffee house coupon accepted them. This rate was much higher for people who visited coffee shops 4 or more times a month (67.5% vs. about 45% if they visited fewer than 4 times a month). I also found that the acceptance rate was slightly higher for income under 50k a year than for those with higher income, but when combined with a higher number of coffee shop visits are combined, the acceptance rate for income under 50k was even higher - 71% if people visited a coffee shop more than 4 times a month and had under 50k income.
Additionally, people were more likely to accept a coupon if they had no urgent place to go (58%) or if they were going to work and the coffee shop was in the same direction they were headed (57.68%). If they were going home or the coffee shop was in the opposite direction, they were less likely to accept. Students (62.53%) and healthcare workers (68.35%) had the highest acceptance rate based on occupation. Unemployed people had a higher acceptance rate (54.21%) than employed people. For healthcare workers, if they were on their way to work, they had a 75% acceptance rate.
Younger people were also more likely to accept than older people - a 53% acceptance rate for people under 30, and only a 42% for people over 50. They acceptance rate was also slightly higher when the temperature was 80 (52.98% vs 45.33% if the temperature was lower).

Based on this data, my recommendation would be to target coffee shop coupons to people who visit coffee shops 4 or more times a month and have an income lower than 50k. Additionally, I would target students and people who work in the healthcare field, either when they have no urgent place to go, or if they are on their way to work. Target people who are under the age of 30 and on days with a higher temperature for a slightly higher acceptance rate.
